[BrowserKit] Allow wrapping response content to give proper context when fetching fragments (#62892)
symfony/symfony: src/Symfony/Component/BrowserKit/CHANGELOG.md

 * Add `isFirstPage()` and `isLastPage()` methods to the History class for checking navigation boundaries
 * Add PHPUnit constraints: `BrowserHistoryIsOnFirstPage` and `BrowserHistoryIsOnLastPage`
 * Deprecate `AbstractBrowser::useHtml5Parser()`; Symfony 8 will unconditionally use the native HTML5 parser

>  * Add `AbstractBrowser::wrapContent()` method to wrap response content and control tag deletion

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * Add `AbstractBrowser::wrapContent()` method to wrap response content and give proper context when fetching fragments
```
